CASMINST-5425: Revise NCN image customization and personalization language to fit fresh install (#2615)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/NCN_Node_Personalization.md

    - name: ncn-personalization
    ```

1. In the case of an upgrade, execute the following two substeps:

    1. (`ncn-m#`) Acquire a copy of the current CPE and Analytics products CFS configuration values already in use.
     Obtain the values for the `cloneUrl`, `commit`, and `playbook` lines for each of those two layers in the next step to ensure that they are personalized with the desired configuration for CPE and Analytics.

        ```bash
        cray cfs components describe <ncn-xname> --format json
        ```

>     1. (`ncn-m#`) Edit the `management-bootprep-node-personalization.yaml` file to replace the CPE and Analytics layer with the playbook, commit hash, and product values already in use on the NCNs for CPE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-m#`) Edit the `management-bootprep-node-personalization.yaml` file to replace the CPE and Analytics layers with the playbook, commit hash, and product values already in use on the NCNs for CPE and Analytics.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks

>     This must be done because the new version of CPE and Analytics has not yet been installed at this time in the upgrade procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This must be done because the new versions of CPE and Analytics have not yet been installed at this time in the upgrade procedure.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks
